January 10, 1947 until the time that I went to work for the Secretary of the Defense.
I know for the question.
President Jackson?
Mr. Welch?
Mr. Williams.
One or two questions, then, they're signing to ask you about your term of service.
You know, I asked you were in service to the Mr. Adams?
Well, I served.
I served, uh, business.
No.
Not now.
I served initially in the campus at Ridge Massachusetts.
I was there about five weeks, and then I went overseas to England.
And it was there for about six weeks until I made the participating in the landing in Africa in November 1942.
And then I went to Fifth Army headquarters shortly after the landing in Italy.
I was with the Fifth Army in Italy until the summer of 1944 when I went to France with the Fifth Army group when it made its landing in France in 1944.
I stayed with that organization until about the day when I came home for duty after the day as a student of the Commanding General Staff.
I completed that service on just about the DJ day, and the balance of my service was in the Army service forces in Washington, BC.
That's all.
I'm going to go out here, Mr. Corn.
Mr. Adams, I have to meet my friend, my friend, a fan out.
Not what, Mr. Corn made, but what's what's for carried out?
You called my attention to a normal bill ride, uptown, you know, the salaries that he did not take you to the railway station, you made you take a cab.
But let's forget about when you were to take a cab, things like that.
I'd like to know what's that in regard to the hearings, the calling of the witnesses, this investigation.
We're carried out by Mr. Corn.
Now the question is raised, but we can be stated in the paper.
I'm a part of Mr. Corn having to do with the investigation of Communism, we're actually carried out in panic.
This calling is making sure having to do with the investigation of Communism, it's just for very generalized.
And as I have stated to the board, it's culminated in my mind, in this wild world of the word matter.
Well, let's get that straight. You know, Mr. Adams, that I had repeatedly told you, inside public place,
that we would ultimately have to have the loyalty board before us to find out who was clearing Communism, to handle secret radar work.
You know, I admit that statesmen any number of times before there was any misunderstanding to you and the Roy Corn.
Nothing or less?
I do know that, sir.
All right, so we can go also to serve Mr. Corn and Mr. Cary, to discuss the matter with me and I have to take you to the man who drew in the nature of the churn.
If I say new, just a little bit, just a little bit, just a little bit of the conversation I'll become issue within.
Say new, how concerned I was about it in November.
So that one worked for me for a few years.
And they knew how concerned I was about it in November and they knew that I felt it was a little bit more fundamental constitutional issue.
And although we may not have to be opinions, which I might have, might not be the same as you've seen in the somewhere else,
that it was very tough and tough and it's one which I hope is not to tell any issue.
All right, now, when I began going down to the fact that in other words, you say Mr. Corn, Mr. Cary, I told you,
in effect, there was time and keep me from insisting when I was calling you the Royal Award.
In the strikes that you say that some proper turnbugs and Mr. Corn's fire committed because he was not successful,
that I maintained the same position from the beginning of the hearings.
And that I finally said Mr. Adams, you've got to produce him.
You know, you don't blame Mr. Corn for what I had been insisting upon for months and months and months to you.
Now, I have to find a course of practice by a team's belief that this album may be a result of this problem.
I will disagree with you, I'm very clear, as you know the news, that's what I believe in me stand back.
But it seemed to me, so there's a lot of limitations because of the news that Mr. Corn got the surgery for his friend,
and the pride of shine.
And when I inquired with Mr. Cary, about how it's come about, he stated to me,
that Mr. Corn was returned, and I thought it was a flaw, and that there was nothing he could do about it.
All right, now, let's get back all the feelings, let's do the feelings back.
I had told you repeatedly Mr. Adams that I would ultimately insist upon the calling of that old royalty board
that had been sending communists back to the Secret Radar School.
I told you that it was much more important than picking up the individual communists.
Now do you say that it's in proper conduct and Mr. Corn's part?
Because he couldn't influence me to forget about calling both members of the royalty board who failed to do their duty.
Is that the in proper conduct?
No, I think he couldn't influence you and I think he did.
Will he start his own?
My living room in the States?
I don't know, in case the world reports, I think that he influenced you on the day when he came back from France.
But now before that, I've told you, if he doesn't come around, let's get down to the facts here.
You know, do you know?
Then I have told you, and I have hopefully put spaces.
Hang after time, that this investigation could not end until we had the members of the royalty board before.
Those statements were made long before China was drafted.
And I finally became impatient with you and said, Mr. Adams, you must produce five of the members of the royalty board.
Isn't that the situation?
Well, not in a context, it just gives a sense here.
I must admit, is there any other...
I agree with any other threat that each refugee, Mr. Corn, carried out besides his inability to get me to do his existence on the royalty board.
What else did he do? Not what he said. What else did he do in regard to the hearings, but you consider him proper or the carrying out of a threat?
Again, we're in the field of speculation, Senator.
I'll see you on the ground.
We're asking you to see. I just say you want to see my number.
Well, let's not unremember John. I have to go to the thank you.
But then when I try to get an answer, for my own as one, I'll get ready to say it.
You must have done some thinking before you made some. I am asking you the very simple question now.
What did Mr. Corn do that you consider him proper, besides what he said, that he was going to do?
I was just a lot of questions.
I was just a lot of questions. I wasn't going to be the first thing yet. But obviously with my answer.
I don't have to do one. We're called. We're beginning.
That I can face the results of some common danger.
Mr. Corn.
Mr. Adam, I need to question the royalty board.
It is not a fact, sir, that you had willingly produced one member of the royal before and after 30.
And you had not asserted the subjection, but you suddenly asserted and January.
I did produce the member of the royal legal order and I produced him because of the clearly indicated that the interrogation of the individual was going to go with this present background of the danger and not the little clarification on the royal court.
It is not sent in the heart to indicate you there on January 19th that the interrogation of the number of the royal court was going to be a personal background too.
I told you that we are interested in matters of threat, or led threats and corruption and misconduct on the part of the individual members of the board having nothing to do with their official duty.
The individual is there. So how can you tell me the difference between that on January 19th and between the situation on October 30th when you were willing to produce the royal people or not?
No, it's the fact that you, there was the interrogated about draft and the person on this conduct, they should be interrogated.
Did you, did you know that the facts were not true? No. You did not know that.
But in other words, you went to the members of this committee and that and called the board 10 or 13 years old a reply to this committee to show us the opinion with the story about myself and about you.
Does that not the fact? Yes, now it's calling that they say something for sure. The indications were, I mean, not that the only five people that are interrogated, but that the whole board was coming up. The problem with that was they think, has it been with the whole board?
And the problem on which I had my conference was the official outside of the Department of Defense had to do the whole board and its problem.
And the interrogations on this particular day as far as I knew was versus the first of the series of interrogations.
And I was attempting to crystallize the position with the Army with case, which made clear to me by all the officials to my talk.
And I think the legal memorandum which we supplied this committee a few days ago, least like the fact that the individual is going to be interrogated.
But that is having to do with the personal and the conduct obviously must respond with the unit.
The overall problem was the problem which can turn that. It happened that there were five individuals who were interrogated the next day or on Friday of that week.
And that is the yesterday's case had that and certain conduct in the background.
The overall problem that they did.
Well, that's my microphone back to the question here.
Did you then know or do you now know of any provision in law which gives immunity from service to peace and response to the peanut to numbers of the oil before?
I do not. The only thing I know that the only thing I know then, the only thing I know now, is that there is a substantial body of opinion in the government.
Is that under the theory of constitutional separation?
I think that the truth is that the law is within the burden of the executive to decide whether or not he will make the individual available.
Well, if the atoms I might suggest certain might be two ways of pursuing something. One way would be to assert a legal opinion and prevent that from submitting.
Another way is how many of the one would you chose to be considered a committee and say in effect women's presence either at least the opinion of those who are killed or help.
Before the nighting round of question and start while we have the opportunity, let's return to our studios to cross the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC television network.
Every Friday night, your family can land a wonderful evening more than two hours seven at seven thirty-two in as well from another henerians' estimate.
And if the chair further ended the interview, you felt that you would not want to make an allegation of Mook Kanda against Mr. Carr solely on the basis of a telephone call that you did not enjoy,
but that you were making your allegations in connection with a memorandum of the issues, but it was issues by Senator McCarthy in this.
And Mr. Carr, Mr. Kona and Mark Stratro, the Secretary of the Army.
Did you say I was making it solely on that?
No, no, as I stated, I see.
I have the feeling, not the feeling, I have the occasion to review the pattern of the moon on Mark's 12th.
And in the light of all of the time, by all of the principles, and in the light of these memorandums, to which I am referred, I could not in my own mind, escape the fact.
I cannot know if it is correct.
That's the kind of action comes with it, the participation.
Now, if the committee decides that that is not so, it's within the committee's purview of course, and when it's my personal opinion, I have to say so.
You will be sure that the Adams-Ovidr, you don't have the basis of our long and continuing call on.
Asking specifically on each occasion whether at the time of the event, not in that respect.
At the time of the event, the UNFELF, that his action or his statement were either threats to the Army or attempts to intimidate or attempts to improperly influence the Army to do something.
In that regard, I understood you to say that insofar as the conversation of Mark's 8th was concerned, you were not just quite able to interpret it, but if you would not make an allegation that that was a threat to the Army.
I am wrong, with that understanding, we will get told me how I am wrong.
We have come to Mark's 12th.
As the real time when you felt that Mr. Carr had taken an awkward action and done something which he was interrogating, right?
Now let me point out number one that on Mark's 11th, they were sent to the committee by Colonel Hal, a statement of I think 34 pages long, a statement of even.
In those events Mr. Carr's name was mentioned nine times, that was of course before Mark's 12th.
Those nine items that might be in the main reviewed and condensed in your statement of April 13th, which was Mr. Tchart.
But I simply point out, then, according to your testimony under oath today, that none of these items in this communication of Mark's 11 and the 34 pages insofar as they referred to Mr. Carr,
or in your opinion, threats against the Army, or reasons for this committee to conclude that he has used the Army improperly, if it was something he did today follow.
Do you release by the Army of this document to the memories of the committee? That's correct, isn't it?
Well, not exactly Senator Aron, but I refer to it as a long discussion.
I'd like to take a few, one thing I want to know, one of the whole matters was about the piece of the piece of the paper, get these in on a great share.
And you'll go back, and maybe these, if you hear that, if you find the present file, if you know how Mark's 11, so there was a document from a Memorandum from Mr. Carr within a faulty file.
That was something that was released on Mark's 12th, you know, no one of them?
No, sir. Did you learn about it the first time that the chairman learned about it?
Yes sir. So it's not as in the 20th of the year, so Mr. Carr certainly tried to mark the book.
No sir, it's not.
Now it's right out there, didn't you, specifications, time, then, to work, under the age of April 13th.
You would have mentioned Mr. Carr under the heading of items by which Senator McCarthy, Comple, Cone, and other members of the staff sought by him.
Proper me to have been preferential for one private day, a g days of shine.
You mentioned him in this specification, day, áreas, 18th, eight different times.
And as I have asked you about these events specifically on the individual you have stated now under oaths that at the time they happened, you did not believe that they were act of intimidation or theft or improper means to have been preferential.
Now I point out to you that in this item of April 13th issued a month and the day after March 12th, no reference to any kind is made there to the documentation you refer to now as the reason why you believe Mr. Carr acted improperly.
There's not a peer in this specification. Why not?
Well, as I stated, as the evidence of the state, I was not participate in the preparation of that specification.
We're not consulted by Comple Wilk, as the time it was occurring. In very case, we were all very busy at that time, sir.
Surely Mr. Wilk did not have a redone, a creative imagination or a record of fact, prepare these specifications because he had come recently from Boston and knew nothing about this, that he's on page 23.
He must have gotten us from your files, or from you or from your records, or from your associates, right? He got us from interviews and our files, records and some of our 38s, but I did not see it.
In all events, the documents, the specifications before it spends entirely fun. Insofar as this latest charge is concerned, that your allegations and accusations of him for priority against Mr. Carr grew out of something that was released and marched across.
No, I didn't see it about that fact, is it?
I think that I have 16 to 380 of all questions that you sent me to have. I want to get it very quickly.
I want to point out again that I have no more interest in the cars than I have in Mr. Ed. All of the people involved in this controversy are friends of mine.
I can tell you honestly that I certainly have no pre-conceived prejudice in this case.
I wouldn't know how to get one, if I had one, I wouldn't know how to decide the price, because everybody here is a pendulum and I'm trying to get the price.
My mind makes the house a bit poorer, read my last question and does not have the notion.
You've got to read it and just get attention to the witness that you can ask for.
I have overlooked in my reading something in this document of April 13, I want Mr. Wells, George, Mr. Sinclair, or Mr. Adams to correct.
If I have not overlooked it, I want them to answer the question.
You read it.
Question at all of that is the document, the specifications by the stands for for us today is entirely silent and so far as the latest charge is concerned about your allegations and accusations.
Father, I guess Mr. Carr, threw out of something that was released on March 12th, so you can just feel about that fact. Here's the answer.
I was confused with the security and the closing question was so...
Yes, do you want to answer the question on the panel?
Well, what I started to say was that the incident occurred which were in the original Army paper. March 10th or 11th, whatever it's made for.
I remember I was looking for issues about that mistake.
It gave me obvious reasons to reexamine and search every one of those incidents for the purposes of advocating in my own mind as to what the motive was.
And in due of my own attitude as reference to the memorandum to which I refer.
It was obvious. Not it was obvious, but it became me that I had to read in my opinion.
I did read, evaluate, my opinion as to the effect of the force of these isolated incidents.
And if this is a case of me, quite clearly, very shortly after the 12th of March,
that I had to consider Mr. Carr as an active participant even though he's a specific event, but not seen significant truth.
I have respectfully reminded you that you have now answered the question.
I asked you why is this purpose a reevaluate after a month and a day?
When you prepare the specific act of this event, on the day of April 13th, the clock in the fair is completely fire.
On the one charge that you now take, you believe sufficient to cause concern for this commitment.
You're not thinking about this one right across New Jersey.
Well, again, on my state, sir, I did not participate in this preparation of that document.
If you stand valid in every second, it respects I consider the defect in the document.
You do not deny it, sir.
Respect to you.
I don't remember the document well enough, I certainly would take you word if it was stand.
I stand to be corrected by a point of order to certainly find this book of documents I find it standing valid.
I give it a point of order, I assume it stands valid.
And I say to Mr. Adams that after his same line of inquiry with Mr. Steve, he made the life of a very very serious case.
After his completion of the case is documented, a single charge is in propriety against Mr. Carr.
And to the firework of one of the committee members on the basis of my testimony, I would have put it as the cost.
And may I excuse sir, for getting now the document of March 12th, which you have said that you are thinking you do consider important,
on the basis of these nine other statements in the document that he has done, and then eight statements in the structure of the case,
not one of which for you will be going to host the sessions considered,
and matter of sufficient importance to be an intimidation or a threat against the armed,
would you feel that the committee would be justified on the basis of a dark evidence apart from the document of March 12th, to a quick Mr. Carr?
I think on the basis of my experience with Mr. Carr prior to publication of these documents,
they had not seen the specific incidents in the cell in the process.
Thank you, I think I will not have to talk to you further, not about Mr. Carr or the read,
we'll have to ask him about the document of March 12th, and I can't miss the time.
Senator Jackson, no questions, Mr. Burr, please don't know.
Before I would finish this round, I will have a report.
Senator, Senator Simon.
Mr. Adam, would you ask your counsel as I strike that?
I remember the testimony both you and Secretary Steven State that you did not see these charges when they were according to counsel,
hardly gotten together.
But do you ask your counsel if he had more leisure to get the charge done,
and they thought letting now know what he would remove the physical art from the charges?
My counsel has either seen that he would not.
No questions Mr. Jim.
I have to work that.
Have I ever seen that, and then I will give you a minute.
Here, talk to you.
I will.
Mr. Burr, come here.
Senator Jackson, your Mr. Colum, ten minutes, and after this ten minutes,
I suggest you meet that with the report, until ten o'clock in the morning.
For the questioning of Mr. Adam's, five to Senator McCarthy, a small conference with Mr. Colum.
Adam.
What?
I have just witnessed a very unusual spectacle here, and I wonder if you will let this stand over the weekend.
I look into the very pointed question of Senator Moons.
I find that you have missed the valve of the tape to issue the charges against Mr. Tyre for thirteen,
and let you say he thought by him proper means.
To say him's reference for patients for China's subtle and talk about threats,
you now say that he was not until I should might answer to your charges,
that you thought Mr. Tyre was guilty of any proper conduct.
So we have the record, if I'm not mistaken, you.
Record now established enough of time, each of these charges are made,
family original charges are made.
Mr. Tyre has no knowledge, no inflation of things, Mr. Tyre done anything improper.
But in your memorandum you charged with it.
It seems to me that the...
will far beyond the fail of decency.
Mr. Welch, your counsel says even though you have no evidence to back this up,
he would still charge Mr. Tyre's improper conduct.
I think that perhaps the committee should not today have a sometimes mismiss or both some of the same,
and find out why he feels that even though he who's had no knowledge of any improper conduct,
Mr. Stevens and no knowledge of any improper conduct and part of Mr. Tyre,
somebody sets out to get the reputation, the job of this young man with such an outstanding record,
not only with the SBF with my committee.
Now this is not a question, I think that you should not have the stand over the weekend.
If you want to make a comment on it good, then I'll turn the question over to Mr. Cohn.
Mr. Adam, one or two things here, sir.
I believe yesterday you were asked by Mr. Jenkins whether or not it's a fact that the members of the
loyalty for what is a government printing office came and appeared before the committee without
asserting any legal objection whatsoever.
You know that to be a fact, don't you, sir?
I don't know much about it, but I heard that that happened.
Well, you were at a good deal with discussion.
What's my hearing about?
The annuity said that after we found some security risks in the Communist Government printing office,
this committee called in the members of the loyalty for what?
They were quite, they asserted no legal objections.
That's correct.
Well, when you were at it, certainly was not a consistent government policy to deny congressional committees
the right to question these legal arguments.
Well, I can't state what the consistent government policy was.
I point out how are the Mr. Cohn and the government printing office as a part of the legislative range of the government?
No, the executive range.
That's why I voted up the director.
He said that yesterday that Mr. Adam, who did it back, but the government printing office is under the very same
presidential director to the army as, and that the director of the government printing office is in the point of the president.
The director is in the point of the president.
I think, and I, from the corrective here, I think that the presidential directors have referred to the executive range.
That's also the question here.
I want to take the time now over the weekend, Mr. Adam, if you'll look at the hearing public hearings of this committee for August 19, 20,
and 20, and 20, and 29, you'll find that the attendance that was directed to the government printing office,
and this same presidential director, which makes it clear that the printing office is in precisely the same vote as the army,
does it to the same director, and what is valid for one is just the valid for the other.
The executive action is quite correct in understanding that the government printing office is under the supervision of the Senate House Committee on printing office.
Chair certainly is in no position to give you a clip still and to run out.
And instead, this one, the government printing office is under the pressure that may be wrong.
I think it's a part of the legislative branch, I just wanted to, I think, to serve the business and that I'm dealing with the conventional recordism and the Jewish decision.
No, I think you'll find that there's a joint committee on printing.
I've at least under general's chairman, that's the voice.
I think there is under objections, the contention that the Judge's Committee on printing appoints the director of the government printing office.
No, I believe he's opposed by the president, but it's like the general accounting office.
It's sort of, I am, but clearly legislative and executive, I don't think it's an exactly the same category as the army that was put in the war.
The judge raises the point of order, I think, by understanding, is that because the joint committee on printing has certain jurisdictional functions as the government printing office, which I know that these two certainly and the limited category of government hearings, printing, so that there are a lot of contact with them, which means about these years.
The point, this pertinent seems to me whether or not the director is applicable all the way around.
I don't say it is, Mr. Chairman, I say to the public hearings of this committee contain topics, various directors of the government printing office, which say that they are under.
Chair would suggest you...